 Always remember, you are much more bigger than your problems.
 You have to be great in your eye, the person who do it will be great in other’s eye too.
 The time when you look at the things that you don’t have indicate that your destiny is poor and the time when you look at the thing that you have indicate that your destiny is good.
 First you have to complete your own commitment, if you are not able to complete your own commitment then how can you complete those commitment that you have given to others.
 Either control your mind or it will control you.
 If you have changed your habits, then your life will be changed, otherwise it will be same as it was in past.
 Success comes from experience and experience comes from bad experiences.
 You have to be powerful, not because you then you can beat others, but you have to be powerful for not to get beaten by others.
 When you want to do the thing that nobody did till now, once this desire comes from your heart, then you don’t have to do anything, that desire will do anything by using your body.
 If you want to choose desire, then choose bigger one, world’s bigger desire.
 There are two types of persons, one type of person talk about big things like everyone will purcahse my product, I will earn in lac ruppes, I will sale all product etc. Whenever I meet such kind of person I just ask that how your first product will be sold, if one can be sold then you can sale 100 and 1000.
 The person who knows everything about why and what am I doing and how to do it then nobody can stop him.
 If you are searching for that person who will change your life, take a look in the Mirror.
 If you have more than you need simply share it with those who need it the most.
 Never Underestimate Yourself.. You are much more than You Think.
 Not a Thousand. Find ONE BIG REASON to do what you want to do. that’s enough.
 The person who has changed his habit, he will change tomorrow, and the person who could not change their habit with him tomorrow will be what is happening already and will happen.
 Say Good, listen good, look good.
 Positive Thinking is not about expecting the best to ‪‎happen. It’s about accepting that whatever happens, happens for the ‪best.
 Meditation should not be a torture. it must be fun! start small. Five to ten minutes a day is a great start! 
 Acton without thinking and thinking without actions will give you 100% failure.
Most constructive and destructive power is ‘desire’ of a human being.
Na bhagnaa hai, na ruknaa hai, bas chalte rehna hai, Paise ki importance bas utni hai, Jitni ek gaadi mein petrol ki hoti hai, na ussey jyada, na ussey kam.
Jis din aapne apni Zindagi ko  khul kar jee liya bas wahi occasion hai, baaki sab to bas dates hain calander ke ander.
Agar boring jagah par humko apne mind ko tikana aa gaya toh interesting jagah per toh khel hai bhai.
Are milega bhai, itna milega jitna aap sapne mein bhi nahi soch sakte, pehle khiladi toh bano, apne feild ke pakke khiladi.
Chahe Taaliyan Mile ya gaaliyan, Kya fark padta hai? Chahe success mile ya failure kya fark padta hai? Bas kaam karte jao, koi kaam chota ya bada nahi hota.
Har ek kaam Aasaan hai.. bas andar se awaaz aani chaiye.
Agar ek bhi insaan is duniya mein koi kaam kar raha hai toh aap bhi us kaam ko khel khel mein kar sakte ho.
Your desire to change must be greater than your desire to be the same.
whether you like it or not,whether you accept it or not,whether you believe it or not,your life is what you choose it to be.
Come what may,NEVER GIVE UP.
Attachments leads to suffereing, Love will set you free.
To act out of desire is bondage. To act out of love is freedom.
Do you have the courage to be what you want to be and to do whatever it takes.
Never be afraid to be different from those around you.
The time for action is NOW.
Assaan Hai!!!
Everything you desire is within you. Look within, and you will find everything.
Life without a purpose is meaningless.
The biggest disease, what will people say.
